Hi! Welcome back to philosophy 112, the
online only version! This is a brief
video in which I am going to explain the
changes that I made to the syllabus, to
take account of the fact that now we're
online. Let me open up the course web
page and show it to you. So the course
web page is the same:
davidsanson.com/logic. I've added some
new tabs to the page. I'm going to be
talking about the syllabus. I've also
added a course guide I've added a link
to reggienet because we're gonna make
more use of reggienet than we had before.
you can read the entire syllabus on your
own I'm going to try to keep the short
and focus on what I think are the most
important things the tutors are still
tutoring if you need tutoring you can
contact making it Patrick it won't be
face to face obviously contact them by
email the tutors are undergraduate
students just like you going through all
the same weirdness as you are so please
be respectful of that the first major
change I got rid of the final two exams
and I'm replacing them with quizzes I
think this might actually just be an
improvement in a lot of ways it's
something that kind of wanted to do for
other reasons so I'm taking the chance
to do it now
so for example there is a quiz for this
module this syllabus amendments module
the syllabus amendments quiz like all
quizzes the quiz has three versions the
idea is that you can take the quiz three
times by taking the three versions each
version of the quiz can only be taken
once but I will only count your highest
score from the three towards your quiz
grade
so if you take the first version and you
get a bad score that means that you
didn't understand something so you
should go back and you should study some
more and then try again you can only try
three times after you've done the third
version there isn't any more to do so
don't blow through all your attempts
quickly in hopes that you'll get lucky I
don't have any way to enforce a delay
between attempts if I could I would the
idea is you're feeling good about say
truth tables take the quiz on truth
tables if it goes badly well maybe you
shouldn't have been feeling so good
about truth tables go back study truth
tables some more maybe the next day come
and take the second version of the quiz
and see if you can do better that's the
idea I should say there's no especially
great and easy way to tell how well you
did on a quiz it's just like any other
assignment on Carnap so you can go to
your Carnap user page and you can scroll
down and you can see what score you got
on each question I've tried to give the
problems names that make that easy so
for example this elements amendments
quiz names for the version 1 let me go
to it the problems are amended syllabus
quiz 1.1 1.2 1.3 if you look at the
second version it's 2.1 2.2 2.3 and so
on okay
I intend these quizzes to be something
that you do on your own I don't intend
you to be working with other people on
the quizzes there's not any way that I
can really enforce that if I do discover
that you've been working together on the
quizzes then I will pursue that as an
act
misconduct case I'm not gonna make you
install a browser that looks over your
shoulder or whatever
that just seems disrespectful Court it's
worth the quizzes are intended to be
something that you do on your own
they are timed there's no way for me to
time them and they're open-book
opennotes so that's what that is
so the next big change is homework I am
still going to assign homework but I am
changing the way that your homework
grade will be calculated for the term so
if you had completed all of the homework
that was due prior to Spring Break you
would now have 1,075 homework points for
the class some of you have that many
points some of you have very close to
that many points most of you don't a lot
of you have 400 points 500 points 600
points I'm going to calculate your
homework grade for the entire course by
taking all the points you earned by the
end of the term as a percentage out of
1,000 so that means that if you already
have more than a thousand homework
points you've already gotten 100% on the
homework additional homework assignments
for you are entirely optional they're
just an opportunity to practice and
learn for everyone else that means that
new homework assignments will improve
your homework grade they that that's
what they'll do so when calculating your
course grade I'm going to use that
percentage out of a thousand each new
problem you complete should increase
that percentage so gradually your
percentage will go up until it hits the
cap of 100% you know get credit for
stuff over a hundred percent so that
means that depending on the rest of your
grades and principal each new homework
assignment or homework problem could be
the thing that bumps you up a full
letter grade
the way the grade will be calculated I'm
eliminating due dates for the new
homework I'm keeping them for the old
homework so you can still go back and
get two points for old overdue late
problems on the old homework assignments
for new homework assignments they're all
due on Friday of finals week which just
means that there isn't a difference
between what points you'll get for doing
them and now versus turning them in then
it's not it's not because I want you to
put all your homework off it's just that
I want you to be able to work at your
own pace and so I'm not going to enforce
due dates these policies are in some
ways quite generous but in other ways
not like I said many of you currently
have say 400 points or 500 points on
homework under the old system I would
have viewed that as a pretty good
showing and I would have curved your
final homework grades maybe that would
have ended up being a C to have say 500
points out of a thousand on the homework
that means that more than half of the
homework was done correctly on time
right since you get 40% for the late
stuff so actually doesn't mean that I
whatever I'm not good at math anyways
that means that you did some homework on
time correctly and you've done a lot of
homework perhaps late but correctly I'm
not gonna be curving your homework
percentage on the new scheme so if you
have 500 points right now to get a
d-minus you need to move that up to 600
points to get it to be a c-minus you
need to move that up to 700 points and
so on so you've got six weeks there'll
be lots and lots of homework points
available and you'll be able to see in
your reggienet gradebook as those
numbers climb I've also enabled the
reggienet forums and in an effort to
encourage participation there I'm going
to reward helpful responses to peer
questions on the forums with some extra
homework points so that's homework
your guide to the course going forward
is the guide page that's where all of
the modules are that's where I assume
you found this module and this video you
can get there by clicking guide you can
also just right at the top of the page
there as guide so the guide page has a
schedule this is a recommended schedule
for progression through the modules
before the end of the term
it also has then all of the modules so
there's the syllabus amendments module
there's a sentential logic module and
there's predicate logic modules I should
say as I'm recording this not all these
modules are complete
many of these links are broken right now
as I record I have completed the syntax
and parsing in translation modules for
sentential logic my goal is by the
beginning of our first week back in
class to have all of the sentential
logic modules done and then to make
quick progress on the predicate logic
modules as well go back so the bulk of
the course is online a synchronic
you're working through stuff ask
questions on the forums I am NOT going
to try to replace class time directly
with set zoom lectures or anything like
that I'm not going to give long video
lectures that are meant to replace him I
wasn't doing that in class anyways what
I am going to do is I'm going to set
aside plenty of time when I'm available
to chat over email on the forums or via
zoom right now my plan is to have those
set times be Tuesdays and Thursdays 9:30
to 12:30 in the morning that's the same
times as our course meetings were while
we were face to face head to classes one
was at 935 the other one anyways so I
don't know whether those times are gonna
work for people now since everything has
changed
but that's my starting point and we'll
adjust as we need to during that time
I'll be active on email I'll be active
on the forums and I'll have an open zoom
meeting where people can drop in that
can become an impromptu discussion that
can be an office hour if it is
appropriate I'll record it and post it
to the modules so that gives you extra
things you can watch problems being
solved and so forth so how's your grade
can be calculated 25% homework 25%
midterm 150 percent these new quizzes
because they've replaced midterm two and
they were replacing the final you can
think of the quizzes as being the two
exams just smeared out over six weeks
rather than lumped up into two two
moments some discussion here about
exactly how the grade gets calculated
you can work through that on your own I
am gonna use the reggienet gradebook
going forward there's no good way for me
to automate the way that the reggienet
gradebook and carne apps homework stuff
works together I have to do that myself
by hand so I'm trying to get it as
automated as possible using an Excel
spreadsheet right now what you can see
in your gradebook is your homework grade
which is just your percentage out of a
thousand for the homework points you
have right now your midterm grade and
then pretty soon you'll be able to see
your quizzes grades so your quiz grade
of course will be zero right so you'll
have an F and quizzes because that's
where you're gonna start and your
homework grade for reasons I explained
before could be an A or it could be you
know an F you can see your raw score in
the comments you'll see the percentage
as the grade so
the thought is that you can go to the
reggienet gradebook and you can see
where you're at right now I'm also going
to enable the automatically calculated
course grade on the reggienet gradebook
now that grade is gonna start out as an
F for everybody because the way I've set
it up is it's the grade you would get if
you didn't do anything else and you just
stopped completely so it's the grade you
have earned so far in that sense it's
how where you're at towards completing
the class so for example if you have
100% on the homework and you've got a
hundred percent on the midterm and
you've done none of the quizzes that's
fifty percent fifty percent is an F so
your grade for the course right now is
an F as you start doing quizzes your
percentage will rise and as your
percentage Rises your grade will rise
and as you're at any given moment the
grade that you see there represents the
grade you would get if you just don't do
anything else if you just decide you're
done I'm a little bit conflicted about
this I worry that it's going to
encourage people to work up to a certain
point and then just stop so for example
especially if you're stressed out with
other things this is really weird all
your classes are online you're stuck at
home you might get your grade to the
point where it's a C and you might
decide ah screw it I don't want to do
anything else I'm done nothing stops you
from doing that if that is what you in
fact decide to do then you'll get the C
in the class but I would hate to see you
sell yourself short
just because I'm giving you this
information same thing goes for people
who manage to make it up to 90% but
haven't completed the whole course and
they're like oh okay well I guess I've
got my a I'm done with this I hope that
if you get yourself in that position
you're enjoying logic enough you're
interested in it enough that you keep
going and try to learn as much of it as
you can that's I think at least the way
you ought to do University even in these
weird times
but again there's no mechanisms in place
that enforce any of that those are just
my hopes you can check your gradebook
and if your gradebook says that you have
a grade and if that grade is the grade
that you're ok with then you can treat
this classes over and done with and
something you don't need to worry about
anymore like I say the gradebook is not
going to update automatically I have to
do that manually I'm going to come up
with a schedule for when I do that so
that you can reliably know when you're
going to be able to check I don't have
that scheduled yet that's it for the
syllabus I encourage you to take the
syllabus quiz I encourage you to then go
back to the guide and start working
through the sentential logic modules in
effect you will be doing the review that
we had planned to do in our face-to-face
course building up to the second midterm
that's what the modules cover ok this is
weird having everything be online I'm
gonna miss seeing you guys face to face
don't be a stranger
be in touch let me know if you have any
problems any questions any puzzles if
you find typos if there are broken links
that shouldn't be broken feel free to
drop in to the Xoom meetings if those
zoom meeting times don't work for you
let me know and we will work on times
that work for as many people as possible
and there'll be office hours that our
appointment possibilities outside those
times too okay hope you're doing well
bye